Feat: configure devcontainer and clean up repo (#352)
cal-itp/mobility-marketplace: README.md

### Cloning the repository

You can run the usual `git clone` command to check out this project, but notice that this repo contains [Git submodules](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules). To ensure you have all the files in those submodules, you can pass `--recuse-submodules` when cloning:

```
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/cal-itp/mobility-marketplace.git
```

or if you've already cloned the project, you can run:

```
git submodule update --init
```

### Running a local instance

This is a [Jekyll][jekyll] static site. We include a [Devcontainer][devcontainer] configuration to help with local testing
and development.

1. Open the repository directory in VS Code
1. `Ctrl/Cmd+Shift+P` to bring up the Command Palette
1. Enter `Remote-Containers` to filter the command list
1. Enter or select `Rebuild and Reopen in Container` to start from scratch
1. Enter or select `Reopen in Container` to reopen the last devcontainer used

Once inside the devcontainer, you have the manually start the site:

1. `Ctrl/Cmd+Shift+P` to bring up the Command Palette
1. Enter `Tasks: Run Task`
1. Enter or select `Jekyll: Build Dev`

> The site is running on <http://localhost>; check the VS Code _Ports_ tab for the exact port. Auto rebuild/reload will be active

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The site is running on <http://127.0.0.1>; check the VS Code _Ports_ tab for the exact port. Auto rebuild/reload will be active
```
